NAS-104229 Remove docs for account entry in gear settings (#1635)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/settings.rst

Settings
========

> The |ui-settings| menu has shortcuts to change the administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |ui-settings| menu provides options to change the administrator
```

> password, set interface preferences, and view system information.

Reviewer: "Interface" here is confusing. It means the user interface here, but often means a network interface.  It really isn't needed here.
```suggestion
password, set preferences, and view system information.
```
